DATES: Friday | Sunday | Sunday | Sunday | Monday | Sunday | Sunday | Sunday | Sunday | Sunday | Fantasy | quarterback | over | the | second | half | of | the | season | Sunday | Sunday | Sunday | Sunday | Sunday | 2001 | 
WEBLINK	
Fantasy Football on Live Radio! WEBLINK Be sure to tune into SportsLine Radio every Friday at 4 pm ET for The Fantasy Advantage, the most informative and entertaining Fantasy Football Show on the Net! Commissioner.COM Managing Editor Scott Engel and featured expert Michael Fabiano have all the latest news and analysis for you, along with insights from beat writers and pro football insiders! Enjoy a full hour of Fantasy Football talk every week!

NFL FANS - SAVE 10% on Team Caps! WEBLINK Represent your team in a fitted, adjustable or logo cap. Enter coupon code CTP6W92Y at checkout to receive this exclusive offer. Ends 11/6/01.

Attention Fantasy Fans! Subscribe to The Sporting News WEBLINK now for a low $.99 per issue AND get a FREE Stainless Steel Thermo-Bottle! HURRY!

Brought to you by	
Sponsorship Bar WEBLINK	

You are receiving these e-reports because you have signed up for CBS SportsLine.com Fantasy Football. To customize, reschedule, or turn off these reports please click here WEBLINK

Player Updates NFL Reports 	
WEBLINK;sz=1x1;ord=1?>
Latest NFL Player News

Pittman suffered a concussion in Sunday's game at Dallas. His current status is day to day.

Stewart was inactive for Sunday's game against the Bengals. Lamont Warren started at RB for the Lions.

Smith pronounced himself OK despite having his right knee wrapped after the Dallas Cowboys' 17-3 victory over Arizona on Sunday. "It's throbbing a little bit right now, but I'll be all right," Smith said. "I felt it. I knew what it was. I didn't know the degree the injury was. It worried me a bit." But Smith was able to walk off the field without assistance. He said he expects to play next week at the New York Giants. Coach Dave Campo said Smith would be re-evaluated on Monday, but said he was encouraged that Smith was walking around. 

According to published reports, Culpepper suffered a broken nose in Sunday's game against Tampa Bay. He is not expected to miss any game action.! 

Kennison rushed one time for 10 yards against New England, and did not catch a pass. The veteran wideout has reverted back to statistical silence after a brief period of productivity. 

Anderson rushed for only 40 yards on 14 carries against the Patriots. He did score on an eight-yard run, but the Broncos let Olandis Gary carry the ball 10 times for 37 yards also. Denver appears to have lost some confidence in Anderson this year.

Patten caught five passes for 62 yards and a TD at Denver. He should continue to be a scoring threat as long as he remains one of New England's top two receivers.

Brown caught nine passes for 86 yards and a TD at Denver. He also carried the ball one time for 31 yards. Brown will always be a big-play threat against the weaker defensive teams on the Patriots' schedule.

Conway caught nine passes for 120 yards against Buffalo, In the past, Conway was a disappoitment, but now he is working well with Doug Flutie and staying healthy. Conway is finally performing up to expectations as a Fantasy wideout.

Jones overcame a sprained ankle to play against the Bills, and caught two passes for five yards. One of his catches was good for a one-yard TD, and Jones may now get much of his numbers on short TD catches. Doug Flutie seems to prefer his wideouts over the tight end when the Chargers are outside the red zone.

Centers was limited to eight receiving yards on four catches by San Diego. The Bills ideally want to get the ball downfield to their wideouts and Jay Riemersma, so don't expect good numbers from Centers ecery week.

Peerless Price WEBLINK, WR BUF -! D! Rock's Beaatchs Updated 10/28/01
Price caught eight passes for 151 yards and a TD at San Diego. While Price is still inconsistent, he appears to have improved enough to start for Fantasy teams occasionally.

Hasselbeck had his best game as a pro, throwing for 230 yards, two TDs and no interceptions. But he continued to have some troubles completing key passes and getting the ball downfield on important downs.

The Dolphins held Alexander to 87 yards on 23 carries. Considering the strength of the Miami defense, Alexander's final numbers looked respectable, but he also fumbled twice. The Seattle RB will continue to post good yardage numbers, but the league's better defenses might limit his overall output.

Gadsden caught only one pass for 15 yards at Seattle. Miami's No. 1 wideout is not playing well enough to be anything more than a Fantasy backup.

James McKnight WEBLINK, WR MIA - Luccis Losers Updated 10/28/0! 1
McKnight caught eight passes for 94 yards and a TD at Seattle, but also lost a fumble. The Miami receiver continues to be erratic and occasionally productive.

Dayne was held to just 19 yards on eight carries by Washington. He is not putting up consistently good numbers, and should not start for most Fantasy teams right now.

Toomer caught nine passes for 109 yards and a TD against Washington. He remains a must-start Fantasy player, no matter what the opposition is.

Davis rushed for 107 yards against the Giants, but was held out of the end zone again. He is still running for good yardage, but the Redskins continue to score via the pass when they are able to move the ball.

Banks threw for 190 yards, two TDs and was not intercepted by the Giants. Righ! t,! now the erratic QB is playing well enough to be used as a Fantasy reserve.

Staley played Sunday against Oakland but was held to 19 yards and a touchdown on three carries, with two catches for 35 yards. He was going up against a tough Raiders' rush defense, and should post better stats in future weeks. However, it bears noting that Correll Buckhalter led the Eagles with seven carries, which suggests that neither back is the clear go-to guy right now. That makes both risky starts.

Garner rushed 21 times for 77 yards and a touchdown Sunday at Philadelphia. This outing could put him firmly in place as the Raiders' featured back while Tyrone Wheatley remains sidelined.

Gannon passed for just 158 yards, no touchdowns and no interceptions in Sunday's game at Philadelphia. He was facing a tall challenge in the Eagles' secondary, and we expect he will rebound with better stats in future weeks.

McNabb passed for just 133 yards and no touchdowns Sunday against Oakland, but he didn't get intercepted either. It was asking a lot for him to post great stats against the Raiders' defense, but this was still a disappointment. McNabb is in a bit of a slump right now, but he should break out of it and be a useful Fantasy quarterback over the second half of the season.

Pittman rushed 16 times for just 29 yards Sunday at Dallas. He hasn't been much better than Thomas Jones this season, and we don't think either player will be a reliable Fantasy option for the remainder of the year.

Boston caught nine passes for 108 yards in Sunday's game at Dallas. While Jake Plummer has been an inconsistent quarterback from a Fantasy perspective, Boston has proven a worthy player because he gets most of the looks in the Arizona passing game. He's easily a solid No. 2 receiver on any team.

Plummer passed for 233 yards, no touchdowns and two interceptions in Sunday's game at Dallas, further exhibiting how inconsistent he can be. Unless the match! up! dictates otherwise, you shouldn't rely on him for useful stats on a weekly basis.

The Cowboys held the Cardinals to three points Sunday, and recorded two sacks and two interceptions in the game. Dallas' defense has been somewhat decent from a Fantasy perspective based on the matchup, but don't let this performance fool you into believing that this unit will give you consistent stats week in and week out.

Stoerner completed 9-of-18 passes for 93 yards, no touchdowns and an interception while rushing for seven times for 23 yards and a score in Sunday's game against Arizona. These numbers aren't great for the Fantasy owner, and they came against a weak Cardinals' secondary. We don't recommend Stoerner for your team based on this outing.

More Updates WEBLINK
View Transactions 	
WEBLINK;sz=1x1;ord=1?>
View  WEBLINK

WEBLINK Make Selection 	  WEBLINK	

WEBLINK	There are no League Transactions which meet the selected criteria.

To see all league transactions select "All", "All", "All Teams" from the Transactions, View page.	

Breakdown Schedule 	
WEBLINK;sz=1x1;ord=1?>
Breakdown  WEBLINK

Team Chick
Player	Pos	Points	
Gannon, Rich WEBLINK	QB	4.0	
Barber, Tiki WEBLINK	RB	8.0	
Moss, Randy WEBLINK	WR	10.0	
Owens, Terrell WEBLINK	WR	6.0	
Rice, Jerry WEBLINK	WR	3.0	
Walls, Wesley WEBLINK	TE	1.0	
Stover, Matt WEBLINK	K	7.0	
Saints WEBLINK	DT	10.0	
WEBLINK	
TOTAL	 	49.0	
WEBLINK	
Anderson, Richie WEBLINK	RB	1.0	
Ward, Hines WEBLINK	WR	0.0	
Carswell, Dwayne WEBLINK	TE	8.0	
Couch, Tim WEBLINK	QB	0.0	
Dyson, Kevin WEBLINK	WR	0.0	
Galloway, Joey WEBLINK	WR	2.0	
Richardson, Tony WEBLINK	RB	4.0	

WEBLINK	at President Taft
Player	Pos	Points	
Flutie, Doug WEBLINK	QB	29.0	
James, Edgerrin WEBLINK	RB	17.0	
Thomas, Anthony WEBLINK	RB	25.0	
Holt, Torry WEBLINK	WR	13.0	
Horn, Joe WEBLINK	WR	32.0	
Thrash, James WEBLINK	WR	0.0	
Nedney, Joe WEBLINK	K	0.0	
Raiders WEBLINK	DT	4.0	
WEBLINK	
TOTAL	 	120.0	
WEBLINK	
White, Dez WEBLINK	WR	6.0	
Franks, Bubba WEBLINK	TE	0.0	
Brunell, Mark WEBLINK	QB	35.0	
Dunn, Warrick WEBLINK	RB	0.0	
Levens, Dorsey WEBLINK	RB	0.0	
Stecker, Aaron WEBLINK	RB	14.0	
Streets, Tai WEBLINK	WR	1.0	

WEBLINK
_____  

Copyright 2001 Commissioner.COM Inc and SportsLine.com Inc.
Your site can be reached from WEBLINK

FB10SP