DATES: Monday | Monday | 2015 | Friday | 
ll and 3/16 drafting meeting on 60x

This email is a follow-up to yesterday's lobbyist conference call and
today's meeting re potential language changes on 60x.  Attached are two sets
of draft amendment language that were discussed today consistent with a
general strategy on the bill that was discussed yesterday.  That strategy,
generally speaking, keys off an expected Calpine meeting with Hertzberg on
Monday, and is as outlined again below.  Comments / concerns with language
and/or general strategy should go to Julee for IEP by Monday COB for
consideration in next steps as mentioned in the action items.

The anticipated approach with the Hertzberg will be:

A) Persuade him that the "California First!" notion as presented in this
bill (and elsewhere) is not a good policy approach and that the bill should
be killed because: it will be interpreted as protectionist by other states
and will lead them to retailiate; it will isolate California from existing
supplies elsewhere that could help serve California loads; it could deny CA
access to new generation built in other states that could help CA; it will
slow CA projects "in the pipeline"; it will undermine existing commercial
arrangements that developers have _with_ California entities from CA
projects in the pipeline, etc.

If this does not happen, then ...

B) Persuade him to change the bill into something else (as in
carrot/incentive and not a stick that increases commercial and development
risks);

if this does not work and he will consider alternate language which does not
disrupt existing arrangements, then ...

C1) Take the more extensive "bulletproof" language, attached as "C1", which
protects any existing commercial arrangements and provides a method to bring
buyers and sellers together via a notice to interested purchasers maintained
by the CEC;

if that does not work and he will consider alternate language on another
approach which will not disrupt existing arrangements, then ...

C2) Take the "offer to negotiate" language, attached as version "C2", which
was the language developed and circulated yesterday (with the addition of
irrigation districts to the list of folks to whom the offer to negotiate is
extended),

and if that doesn't work, then

D) he wants to disrupt existing commercial relationships and he wants to
adopt a protectionist "California First!" policy which we cannot fix or
support.

Option C1 = file = C1_010315_IEPrev3b_abx1_60_bill_20010312_amended_asm.doc
Option C2 = file = C2_010315_IEPv3_abx1_60_bill_20010312_amended_asm_.doc

ABB

Andrew B. Brown
Ellison, Schneider & Harris, LLP
2015 H Street
Sacramento, CA  95814

Phil Isenberg; Mike Monagan; Maureen OHaren; Marie Moretti; Kassandra
Gough; Jamie Parker; Hedy Govenar; DJ Smith; Delany Hunter; Chuck Cole;
Bev Hansen; Anne Kelly; Fred Pownall; Mark Nobili

Stout; Kassandra Gough; kent Palmerton; Larrea, John; Lynn Lednicky;
Paula Soos; Richard Hyde; Roger Pelote; Sandi McCubbin; Stephanie
Newell; Steve Ponder; Sue Mara; Jan Smutny Jones; Steven Kelley; Katie
Kaplan; Chris Ellison; Doug Kerner; Andy Brown; Nam Nguyen

ACTION ITEMS from today's IEP member company lobbyist conference call:

AB 60x (Hertzberg)

his interest in other "California First" avenues, and report the results to
IEP.

Friday (3/16) at 11am in IEP's office to fine-tune the current IEP proposed
amendments (attached).

moving the bill until IEP has had an opportunity to present language.

week.

poor direction of this "California First" issue, tying it to long-term
contracting.

SB 6x (Burton)

(attached).

support the IEP amendments.

AB 8x (Migden)

operation and maintenance scheduling (attached).

- All available lobbyists will make contact with Assembly Member Migden's
office to support a stakeholder meeting taking place, because IEP would like
to make this bill work.

SB 39x (Speier)

for an extended period of time.

PLEASE SHARE ANY INFORMATION YOU GET WITH ME FROM YOUR CONTACT WITH ANY OF
THE ABOVE-NAMED MEMER'S OFFICES.

THANKS.

Julee Malinowski-Ball
Senior Associate
Edson + Modisette
916-552-7070