DATES: January | Friday | Thursday | Friday | 
This is the David's answer:

The only one that I can think of that may be of use is the "CES Volume
Comparison" report ... that is the one that ya'll had for January that showed
all of the purchases and sales, by pipeline.  It is available for any month.
The reports that I regularly used were for helping to clean up current month
activity, which would not be of any use to you.

David

Hey David,

Could you help me determine the GMS reports that I may need. Thanks for your 
help.

Ami

This is a follow up to the earlier email I forwarded regarding CES historical 
information. Note the deadline of 1/15, I believe that should be Friday 1/14 
so I need your responses by Thursday 1/13. 

Please fill out the spreadsheet for each area and forward back to me. I will 
consolidate our responses from a Logistics perspective. Lets have them add 
everything they need and if challenged we can re-review later.

Thanks - Bob

Last month Richard Burchfield sent us the following list of reports that are 
available from CES's systems.  IT is working on a way to secure an electronic 
copy of the required reports and making them available to us online via the 
electronic document management system.  While ENA is not liable for pre-2000 
business, we may need to assist with research as issues arise.  In order to 
get the ball rolling, we need to get a list together of the reports we need.  
Please fill out the attached spreadsheet and list any reports that you need 
and return it to me by Friday, 1/15/2000.  If you do not want any reports, 
please send me an Email letting me know that.  I have included samples of how 
to fill this out, and if you have any questions please give me a call.

If you aren't sure which reports you need based on the names, please get with 
any CES employees you have hired or with a CES transition employee to get 
clarification.  If you need samples of any of these reports please let my 
assistant, Pam Chambers, know and she will coordinate getting a sample report 
printed for you.  

In addition, I will need a list of the users and their logonid's who will 
need to have access to this data.  Please send that to me by the 15th as 
well.  

Thanks, Bryce

Richard Burchfield
12/01/99 04:58 PM

All,
Below is attached the report list for CES.

Richard

Please see the attached for the Altra GMS report listing.  Please forward any
additional questions relating to Altra GMS to Linda Licarione (713-693-2845) 
or
Jeff Peeples (713-693-2597).  Thanks.

Linda Licarione
12/01/99 01:04 PM

Attached is a list of 210 reports from Altra GMS.  Please note that we may not
be using all of these reports.  If you need me to scale this down to those
currently being used, I will need to do a bit of analysis.  Many of the base
reports, those denoted in the spreadsheet with filename-location (1st column) 
=
master.mdb are not currently being used at CES.  Let me know if you have any
questions.

Can you provide me with a complete list of GMS reports?

Clay,
I have had several requests from the ENA business groups. now that the
agreement has been finalized, for report lists from your key applications, 
those
being, Altra GMS and Risk Works( there may be others as people become more
aware). There will be a need for information for ENA to manage contracts as we
go through he transition period. We feel this would be an easier process to 
work
through if ENA knows what kind of information they can request as we go 
through
the transition.

Thanks, Richard