DATES: April | 3 | 
I'm a man trapped in a woman's body... not really, this is Jeff Fawcett in 
Susan's office.  We're on a conference call with SoCalGas right now talking 
about the settlement document.  Would you guys pull-up the attached file, 
"Primary Rights 4-12.doc" and look it over, with particular reference to the 
section titled, "Scheduling Priority?"  I think we're OK here, but I don't 
want to agree to anything that we can't administer on our side of the meter 
or that just doesn't make sense.

sent over to SoCalGas ASAP.  Will you take a quick look and send Susan a note 
saying thumbs up or down?  Thanks a bunch.

I've  now added you.

Keith'; 'Pocta, R. Mark';  'Dasovich, Jeff'; 'Beach, Tom'; 'Burkholder, 
John'; 'Amirault, Paul';  'Alexander, Michael'; 'Chancellor, Craig'; 

'Rochman, Michael'; 'Counihan, Rick'; 'Bayless,  David'; 'Day, Mike'; 'Paul, 

Follett, B. David - TPDBF; Freeman, Kimberly; Hubbard, Lisa J.;  Angeles, 
Zenee G. - TPZGA; Schavrien, Lee; Reed, William; Brill, Thomas R.; Van  
Lierop, Jan - TP2JXV; Smith, Anne S. - TPASS; Harrigan, James P. - TP1JPH;  
Surak, Thomas M. - TP1TMS; Fair, Pam; Sakarias, Wayne P.; Purves, Ralph A.;  
Fong, Ed; Whitaker, Sue

Attached is a new version of the Gas Industry Settlement document for  
SoCalGas and SDG&E.? I think that essentially all the terms of the  
settlement in principle are now covered in it.

In  addition to adding material, we have made some changes in language in the 
last  version.? Even these changes may not incorporate all comments I have  
received from SoCalGas/SDG&E management.? We have NOT made an attempt  to 
respond to all comments received to date in this version.? If no change  has 
been made on an issue you commented on, that does not necessarily mean we  
agree or disagree with your comment.? 

Especially for the new material, there has not yet been final review by  
SoCalGas and SDG&E management either.

Hopefully I have been able to correct a problem with the last electronic  
version that cause a lot of the section numbering to go haywire when it was  
emailed and then opened and printed, even though it looked fine on my 
computer  and printed fine from my computer.? Lots of sections mysteriously 
would  renumber themselves as "6.4"

I am  also attaching the latest draft of an appendix to be included with the 
full  settlement that is a revised version of the "Primary and Secondary 
Receipt  Point Access Rights" document that was attached with the Deal Points 
in the  April 3 filing.

We'll  try to send along some of the other appendices soon.? 

(619) 699-5027