DATES: March | 1st | 2001 | 1992 | 1996 | November | 2000 | 
Angela,

Greg is looking over everything.  I'll get back w/you later today.  We will 
probably have two to three slides.

Liz

Angela Sprock
Angela Sprock
Angela Sprock

Here is the agenda...

Enron At A Glance is an opportunity for 3-6 month employees to learn 
information about the individual business units.  March 1st will mark the 
third edition of the newly designed orientation.  Based on audience feedback, 
the New Hire Network Team is searching for creative ways to engage the 
audience and encourage deeper conversation on the stage.  

The Enron Wholesale Interview needs to focus on broad contributions to Enron, 
general business processes, and 2001 goals. Most of the wholesale business 
units have sent speakers to discuss their specific commodities, goals, and  
contributions to EWS.
Enron Networks  Beth Perlman
Enron Industrial Markets Tammy Mulrooney
Enron Global Markets Mike McConnell
You may notice Enron Americas and Europe are not included.  Their speakers 
are unavailable.  Thus, I will ask questions about the gas and power industry 
as well as examples of initiatives in Europe.  
We will also follow your interview with several pre-recorded interviews with 
lead commodity traders (i.e. Hunter Shively, Janet Dietrich, Dave Duran, 
etc).  They will focus on the trading responsibilities.

I will be interviewing you on stage.  During your interview, we will be 
interrupted by "Late Breaking News" concerning power peaker issues and 
describing how Enron makes money with this initiative.  This is a 4-5 minute 
pre-recorded video that runs on the screens behind our interview area.  You 
will not need to contribute anything to this video.

Here are the questions I have written.  Please give your feedback.

(1)  Greg, you came to Enron in 1992 while the gas market was deregulating 

experienced during this time.
(a)  What risks did Enron take then?
(b)  Did the Enron leaders have a real idea of amount of opportunities that 
would open the gas and power markets?
(c)  What was the atmosphere at Enron during this time?  Excitement?  
Frustration?  High Egos?
(d)  Do you think that EES and EBS are experiencing the same type of 
excitement while they forge into undiscovered markets?

(2)  In 1996, you moved into the European market and lead the trading 
divisions in the oil and refined products.  
(a) What was the atmosphere like in the International arena?
(b)  Has the atmosphere changed over the last 5 years?
(c)  What are some initiatives that are hot in Europe?

(3)   Enron is entering the Japanese market.  They are focusing on the power, 
foreign exchange and metal markets.
(a)  What are their goals in these markets?
(b)  What are their challenges this year?  in the next 3 years?
(c)  What other opportunities area arising in Japan?

(4)  Enron Wholesale Services was created and announced in November 2000.
(a)  What was the business purpose for this formation?
(b)  What accomplishments/successes  have been made already?
(c)  What is the business model for EWS?
(d)  What characteristics does a market need to interest EWS?

capital, its people resources, to the other divisions of Enron such as EBS 
and EES.  
(a)  What characteristics are you looking for in future employees
(b)  Recruiting is offering a $5000 incentive to Enron employees referring 
people with trading skills.  What are your needs in this area?

Conclusion of interview:  You will exit the stage while I set up the audience 
for Part 2 of the Investigative Report.  Thanks for your time.

Angela Sprock
Enron Corp
713-853-6335