DATES: 2000 | Feb. | 16 | February | 16 | March | 16 | , | 2000 | 2001 | 
FYI  --  Press Release received this morning:

Cove Point LNG to Begin Open Season Process For Capacity at its LNG Receiving 
Terminal 
? 
02/16/2000 
PR Newswire 
(Copyright (c) 2000, PR Newswire) 

HERNDON, Va, Feb. 16 /PRNewswire/ -- Cove Point LNG Limited Partnership, a 
subsidiary of Columbia Energy Group, announced today that it will conduct an 
open season from February 16 to March 16, 2000, for a firm LNG tanker 
discharging service at its Cove Point LNG terminal. The new service will 
include the unloading of LNG from tankers, LNG storage, vaporization, and 
delivery of natural gas to points along Cove Point's existing pipeline.   

Cove Point LNG is offering 750,000 dekatherms per day of deliverability and 
4.25 billion cubic feet (Bcf) of vapor equivalent storage capacity initially. 
The service includes a proposed expansion of the available storage capacity 

operations. Pending approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, 
Cove Point LNG plans to begin the LNG tanker discharging service by late 
2001. 

Located in Lusby, Md., the Cove Point LNG terminal includes liquefied natural 
gas storage and terminal operations, and an 87-mile natural gas pipeline that 
connects with gas pipelines in Northern Virginia. The terminal has installed 
send-out capacity of 1 Bcf of gas per day. With the proposed storage 
expansion, total LNG storage at Cove Point will be 7.5 Bcf of vapor 
equivalent natural gas. The Cove Point LNG terminal currently provides "peak 
shaving" services to customers in the mid-Atlantic and Southeastern regions.  

Columbia Energy Group, based in Herndon, Va., is one of the nation's leading 

operating companies engage in virtually all phases of the natural gas 
business, including exploration and production, transmission, storage and 
distribution, as well as retail energy marketing, propane and petroleum 
product sales, and electric power generation. Information about Columbia 
Energy Group (NYSE: CG) is available on the Internet at 
www.columbiaenergygroup.com.   

This press release contains "forward looking statements" within the meaning 
of the Federal securities laws, including statements concerning, on a 
consolidated, segment or subsidiary basis, Columbia's plans, objectives and 
expected performance. There can be no assurance that actual results will not 
differ materially due to various factors, many of which are beyond the 
control of Columbia, including, but not limited to, the regulatory approval 
process, competition, weather, supply and demand for natural gas, and changes 
in general economic conditions. 

/CONTACT:  Media: Michael J. McGarry, 703-561-6063; or Financial: Thomas L. 
Hughes, 703-561-6001; both of Columbia Energy Group/   10:00 EST