DATES: Tuesday | Saturday | fall | September | summer | January | last | week | Saturday | 2001 | 
Jerry Scarbrough's True Orange, P. O. Box 26530, Austin, Texas 78755 -
Phone
512-795-8536

Sonny Davis Awaiting Test Score; Barnum Watch Ongoing

DT Sonny Davis is amazed by all the internet speculation that he is headed
for junior college, and he says it isn't necessarily so.
"I haven't got my test score back yet," he said Tuesday from California,
where he is training with the Texas All-Star team that will meet the
California All-Stars Saturday night. If he makes a qualifying score, Davis
said he will be in a Longhorn uniform this fall. If he doesnt, well, that's
why he signed a letter of intent with Mississippi Gulf Coast Community
College, a Mississippi junior college.
"That's my backup plan," Davis said. "I don't know yet what I am going to
do."
Davis has enough core courses to qualify and just needs a qualifying test
score.
* * * *
Greg Barnum, the Killeen Ellison center who was being touted as an
All-America prospect at Tennessee this season before quitting the team,
says
he probably will enroll at Texas or Stephen F. Austin in September to
continue his football career. Tennessee coach Phil Fulmer has refused to
release Barnum to Texas, but has said he will release him to Stephen F.
Austin.
Without a release, Barnum would have to pay his own way for a year if he
enrolls at Texas.
I'd like to see somebody challenge a coach's right to refuse to release a
kid. Scholarships are renewable now on a year-to-year basis, so Fulmer or
any
other coach can get rid of a player by simply refusing to renew his
scholarship. If a school can fire a player, then it's only fair that a
player
be able to fire the school. I know it's an NCAA rule, but there is a thing
called the U. S. Constitution that takes precedence over NCAA rules.
* * * *
Texas has two great DTs in All-America Casey Hampton and Shaun Rogers, but
there is one at Blinn JC who might be just as good. He is Paul Broussard,
formerly of La Porte, which is Shaun Rogers' home town, too. Broussard was
a
great DT as a sophomore at La Porte when he weighed about 280, but he
ballooned up to well over 300 pounds as a junior and senior and was not as
dominating. He is about 6-4 and was back in the 290-pound range last year
as
a freshman at Blinn, and he was outstanding.
He's working in Austin this summer. If his academics are in order, let's
hope
Alfio Randall, the big OT at Blinn who plans to enroll at UT next January,
can talk Broussard into coming along with him.
* * * *
RECRUITING NOTES: The Longhorns have apparently stepped up their recruiting
of running backs. In addition to offering Anthony Johnson of Jefferson last
week, the UT coaches are now actively recruiting Cedric Benson of Midland
Lee, who is on the cover of Dave Campbell's Texas Football magazine, and
Jabari Davis of Tucker, Ga.. . . Six Longhorn recruits were scheduled to
play
in the All-Star game in California Saturday night, but WR B. J. Johnson of
South Grand Prairie is nursing a sprained ankle and had to withdraw. In
addition to Sonny Davis, the other future Longhorns are WRs Roy Williams of
Odessa Permian and Sloan Thomas of Klein, DE Kalen Thornton of Dallas St.
Mark's and center Jason Glynn of Richardson Berkner. That game is supposed
to

in
most areas of Texas.
* * * *
FOOTBALL NOTES: Another internet rumor that has no substance, but has great
interest for Longhorns and Red Raiders is the one that has former Tech
coach
Spike Dykes going to work for Texas. Since Spike is still under contract
with
the Red Raiders, it would cost him well into six figures to go to work for
the Longhorns. It might happen down the road, but not anytime soon. I
normally don't comment on internet rumors, but I have had so many queries
about Sonny Davis and Spike Dykes that I just decided to give the facts to
all of you. . . Sophomore DE Adam McConathy, who weighed about 230 last
season, is up to 252 pounds and hasn't lost any of his speed. He is
battling
Jermain Anderson and Maurice Gordon for the starting job at right end. All
three are outstanding pass rushers, and the coaches want them to get a
little
bigger so they can do a better job against the run. . . If Sonny Davis does
wind up going to a junior college, freshman  Stevie Lee and redshirt
freshman
Marcus Tubbs will back up Hampton and Rogers at DT this year and they will
be
the guys to beat for the starting jobs in 2001. Barring an injury, I don't
think anyone will beat out Stevie Lee.
* * * *

* * * *

$99 ($79 by E-Mail). The True Orange Newsletter includes  26 newsletters
and
is published weekly during football season and twice monthly during most of
the other months. It costs $45. Save by subscribing to both for $130 (or
$110

newsletter
via E-Mail). Send check  to address at the top of page. I also  update my
900 number ? 1-900-288-8839 ? frequently with recruiting news. My E-Mail