DATES: June | 8th | May | 25th | , | 2001 | 
Rick:
I am very thankful to Jennifer Thome for her kind assistance to replace me in 
the RAC meeting for June 8th.  The meeting resulted in 5 new hot deals.    
They are as follows:

Region/Group  Deal   Project Originator   Description
Europe	Hyundai Oil Export	George Del Canto	Financing for Hyundai-TBD
Europe	McCook	Rob Groves	Power to aluminum tolling agreement with Longview smelter in 

EEOS/NEPCO	Isle of Man	Ken Bastow	TCV $116 M, 75 MW CCGT -TBD
EWS/EGM/GRM	Orion Power Holdings	David Hoog	One year outage option.  Requires physical 
delivery - $50 M
EWS/EIM/P&P	Garden State Paper II	 (not specified)	Additional CAPEX

My colleagues PHennemeyer, PDawson, DWood are cced for any possible action 
item.

Please let me know if you have any question.

Best regards

AI

Rick:
Eight new projects--of which some are significant in size-- have been added 
to the list of the hot deals for May 25th, 2001.  They--and their suggested 
action items--are as follows:

Project  Originator  Description     
EBS:
Advertising JV  Erik Simpson  EBS to provide risk management to media 
buyer   ($28 million)
Raven   Jeff Donahue  Purchase assets of managed hosting company ($400 
million)
Samsung DRAM Ken Wang  1 month financing of DRAM Inventory (5 million)

Suggested Action Item:  Communicate findings to Sue Nord and compile GA 
comments for RAC, if any.  Lisa Yoho is also informed given the very 
interesting structure of Samsung DRAM deal that is likely to be repeated with 
other seriously backwardated commodities.  
EWS/EGM
Weirton   Tammy Mulroony  Rolled Steal forward purchase ($ 75 million)
Timber      Sale of 100 MM asset at cost  ($100 million)
DPR accelerated put Mike Beyer  Exercise Put and reinvest in coal related 
assets  ($11 million) 
Suggest Action Item:  Communicate findings to J. Steffes, and Lisa Yoho and 
compile GA comments for RAC, if any.

Finally, I am taking the liberty to contact Paul Kaufman to inform him of 
project PortMorrow which is the developing of 47 MW peaking facility in 
Oregon for PGE (originator Chuck Randall).  I shall follow up with him in 
case that there are any needed action item.  

Of course, please let me know if you have any question.

Brgrds

AI